I hope they are very good especially
better than him but here in halo 4 the
game here
x
as you can see there is a red objective
on the radar the brand that is the last
enemy
but if you look closely you should make a
little more
there you can see it better
what but it is a green ball
bright an energy ball
so they can see better
and well, if you mark what enemies there are
that killing him shot him as they see does not happen
nothing
we send to others not
nothing is happening either
and I'm playing here in Spartans
is episode 4 of chapter 8 good
episode 8 of chapter 4 the fourth
mission is acting with other types
here in life but because it does not leave us
advance the mission they have already abandoned
the baker's chest
Well, let's try to see with
I'll see what happens
how beautiful the grid is marking me
who is an enemy
but nothing happens
and you can see it
it is very very strange the truth
I could not learn my video capture
when with hdmi and if you change components
the console reboots
but here as you can see there are more
close up
it is very very strange the truth
I have not seen anyone who has happened to
past
leave it in the comments please
also share this video that then
wall street
blige
however you want to fire but not
I have seen anyone
Well that was all for today but if
know what to see but to see if also
it is step also if to see we will see more
closely the point because once
here and let me focus my webcam
I do not have to do
there is also with enemy brand with
the gun
this is very weird
the online video of comments on what
they think it 's this energy being
I do not have the chance, take care
take jorge change and it was
what web fart